# AvionicSimulator

## 1 - Project Description
The goal of this simulator is to emulate at a high level the principle of a satellite avionic dedicated to Active Debris Removal. It uses profiles created by the users and models of elements to simulate the behavior of the system. More information can be found in the following publication: "Simulation Tool to Study High Performance Avionic for Active Debris Removal Missions" [(link)](https://www.researchgate.net/profile/Michael-Juillard-2/publication/341077819_Simulation_Tool_to_Study_High_Performance_Avionic_for_Active_Debris_Removal_Missions/links/603a251f4585158939d29eda/Simulation-Tool-to-Study-High-Performance-Avionic-for-Active-Debris-Removal-Missions.pdf). by Michaël Juillard, Muriel Richard-Noca & Jean-Paul Kneib (2019 IEEE/AIAA 38th Digital Avionics Systems Conference).

The tool is exclusively using Matlab (version 2020a) with no additional libraries. It uses CSV and XML files as the basis for the model and behavior.

## 2 - How to Use

This tool requires [Matlab](https://ch.mathworks.com/products/matlab.html) to run. TO test the basic case, you open the main.m file and run it. It will automatically load the needed components.

The "component" folder contains the models of the system. New components can be added easily and should use the structure of the "testXXX.xml" file.

The "core" folder has the Matlab code to load the models and behavior of the systems. These files can be modified to included additional functionalities.

The "display" folder contains two standalone scripts to plot the data generated by the tool. 

The "profile" folder has descriptions of all the elements' behavior. These files are dictating the variation in the simulation. New profile can be added easily and should use the structure of the "testXXX.csv" file.

The "result" folder will store the results of the simulator.

## 3- Credits
Michael Juillard
